[BQ 2.0] Further improvements of and more tests for Tokenizer. (#1446)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: documentation/User-Documentation/Variables-List.md

    
## Calculate mathematical expression: `math.calc`

This variable allows you to perform a calculation based on other variables (for example point or objective variables)
and resolves to the result of the specified calculation. The variable always starts with `math.calc:`, followed by the
calculation which should be calculated. Supported operations are `+`, `-`, `*`, `/` and  `^`. You can use `( )` and

> `[ ]` braces and also calculate absolute values with `| |` (but don't use this in the command event as it splits the
> commands at every `|`). Additionally, you can use the round operator `~` to round everything left of it to the number of

Reviewer: I'dd suggest adding a comment to the wiki that nesting of absolute values is not supported
```suggestion
`[ ]` braces and also calculate absolute values with `| |`. But be careful, don't use absolute values in the command
event as it splits the commands at every `|` and don't nest them (`|4*|3-5|` wont work).
Additionally, you can use the round operator `~` to round everything left of it to the number of
```

Author: I improved it and also included how to properly nest absolute values.
